Add p2p recommended flags (#869)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/builders/chain-operators/management/best-practices.mdx

the proxy forward traffic to replicas and have them gossip the transactions 
internally.

### Improve Reliability of Peer-to-Peer transactions 

> These flags can improve the reliability of peer-to-peer transactions from op-geth to the sequencer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These flags can improve the reliability of peer-to-peer transactions from internal replica nodes and the sequencer node.
```

Author: thanks soyboy!
